[docs] Clarify MCP server documentation in README.md (#567)
JetBrains/compose-hot-reload: README.md

The task name follows the same naming convention as the run tasks. For a custom JVM target named `desktop`,
the task would be `:app:hotMcpServerDesktop`.

Note: you don't need to run this task yourself — your AI agent launches the server for you once you point it to
this task (see below). The server does not require a running application: it starts, waits for the app to

> launch, and reconnects automatically. Running the task manually is only useful if you want to start or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
launch, and then connects automatically. Running the task manually is only useful if you want to start or
```

}
```

Note: the short, unqualified `hotMcpServer` task name is enough here — you don't need the project path or JVM
target suffix from the previous example. Gradle resolves an unqualified name against the current project and

> all its subprojects, so it finds the task wherever it is defined, and its camelCase task-name abbreviation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all its subprojects, so it finds the task wherever it is defined. Gradle's camelCase task-name abbreviation also
```
